docs: clarify V2 guaranteed CPU must cover assigned SPDK CPU cores (#1410)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.13.0/references/settings.md

> Default: `{"v2":"0x3"}`

> Applies only to the V2 Data Engine. If the Data Engine CPU Core Number setting is specified, this setting will be ignored. It specifies the CPU cores on which the Storage Performance Development Kit (SPDK) target daemon runs. The daemon is deployed in each Instance Manager pod. It is strongly recommended that the effective V2 instance manager pod CPU request reserve at least the same number of CPU cores configured here based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity. If the field `InstanceManagerCPURequest` on the node is set, it overrides the global Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU setting. If the effective CPU request is lower than the CPU cores assigned here, the V2 instance manager may become unstable under load. A minimum of 2 CPU cores is recommended. SPDK uses a busy-polling reactor model where the master reactor handles both I/O polling and management RPCs. When only a single core is assigned, heavy I/O workloads can delay or starve RPC processing, resulting in increased latency, timeout events, and operational instability. Assigning 2 or more cores allows I/O and management tasks to run on separate reactors, improving responsiveness and operational stability. Accepts either hexadecimal CPU masks (for example, 0x3 or 0xff) or CPU list format (for example, 0-1,2,5). CPU lists are automatically converted to hexadecimal masks. The default value is 0x3.

Reviewer: WDYT? Also applied to longhorn-setting description.

```suggestion
Applies only to the V2 Data Engine. If the Data Engine CPU Core Number setting is specified, this setting is ignored. It specifies the CPU cores used by the Storage Performance Development Kit (SPDK) target daemon, which runs in each Instance Manager pod.

It is strongly recommended that the effective V2 Instance Manager pod CPU request reserves at least the same number of CPU cores configured here, based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity. If the InstanceManagerCPURequest field is set on the node, it overrides the global Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU setting. If the effective CPU request is lower than the assigned CPU cores, the V2 Instance Manager may experience CPU contention and become unstable under heavy workloads.

A minimum of 2 CPU cores is recommended. SPDK uses a busy-polling reactor model where the master reactor handles both I/O polling and management RPCs. With only a single core, heavy I/O workloads can delay RPC processing, causing increased latency, timeout events, and operational instability. Assigning 2 or more cores allows I/O and management tasks to run on separate reactors, improving responsiveness and storage stability.

Accepts either hexadecimal CPU masks (for example, 0x3 or 0xff) or CPU list format (for example, 0-1,2,5). CPU lists are automatically converted to hexadecimal masks. The default value is 0x3.
```

Author: Fix, thank you

> Default: `{"v2":"0x3"}`

Applies only to the V2 Data Engine. If the Data Engine CPU Core Number setting is specified, this setting is ignored. It specifies the CPU cores used by the Storage Performance Development Kit (SPDK) target daemon, which runs in each Instance Manager pod.

> It is strongly recommended that the effective V2 Instance Manager pod CPU request reserves at least the same number of CPU cores configured here, based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity. If the InstanceManagerCPURequest field is set on the node, it overrides the global Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU setting. If the effective CPU request is lower than the assigned CPU cores, the V2 Instance Manager may experience CPU contention and become unstable under heavy workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is necessary that the effective V2 Instance Manager pod CPU request reserves at least the same number of CPU cores configured here, based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity. If the InstanceManagerCPURequest field is set on the node, it overrides the global Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU setting. If the effective CPU request is lower than the assigned CPU cores, the V2 Instance Manager may experience CPU contention and become unstable under heavy workloads.
```

Author: Fix, thank you
